ippfind: add page (#12166)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ippfind.md

# ippfind

> Find services registered with a DNS server or available through local devices.
> See also: `ipptool`, `ippeveprinter`.
> More information: <https://openprinting.github.io/cups/doc/man-ippfind.html>.

- List IPP printers registered on the network with their status:

`ippfind --ls`

> - Send a PostScript test page for every PostScript printer on the network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a PostScript test page to every PostScript printer on the network:
```

> `ippfind --txt-pdl application/postscript --exec ipptool -f onepage-letter.ps '{}' print-job.test \;`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ippfind --txt-pdl application/postscript --exec ipptool -f {{path/to/onepage-letter.ps}} '{}' print-job.test \;`
```

> - Send a PostScript test page for every PostScript printer on the network which name matches a regex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a PostScript test page to every PostScript printer on the network, whose name matches a regular expression:
```

> `ippfind --txt-pdl application/postscript --host {{regex}} --exec ipptool -f onepage-letter.ps '{}' print-job.test \;`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ippfind --txt-pdl application/postscript --host {{regex}} --exec ipptool -f {{path/to/onepage-letter.ps}} '{}' print-job.test \;`
```
